they got them can I get a couple of
blueberry muffins to go Viper's huh yep
so I guess Rachel had your baby yep do
you believe it
nope I can't even leave she slept with
you in the first place huh oh oh you
have you mean like huh hey Ross I know
you're pissed at me but we have to talk
about this uh actually we don't fine
okay fine but I gotta say technically I
didn't even do anything wrong what you
you didn't do anything wrong I said I
didn't technically let's put aside the
fact that you accidentally picked up my
grandmother's ring and you accidentally
proposed to Rachel can I just stop you
right there for a second when people do
this I don't really know what that means
you saying and I can even understand
that you couldn't tell Rachel but why
couldn't you tell me huh you had all day
too and you didn't I know I should have
I'm sorry
not using it right Joe I'm gonna go oh
come on look off we have to get past
this give me the bag no I don't know
what else to do I said I'm sorry Joey
now you should scream at me or curse me
or hit me I'm not gonna hit you why not
you'll feel better I'll feel better and
you know you want to I can see it in
your eyes
no I don't a little vet no little bad no
a little bit more I'll hit give me the
bat me Joe if he means the bat hit me
Joe I'm not kidding me no hit me hit me
hit me
Oh
look doc I'm sorry yeah it was a reflex
oh my god this really hurt I couldn't
help it or when a fist comes at your
face you doc look you were supposed to
dog why didn't you die why don't we talk
about this on the way to the hospital
good good yeah maybe while we're there
they can check your reflexes
oops
you